docs(aliasing): update import code (#16974)
vuetifyjs/vuetify: packages/docs/src/pages/en/features/aliasing.md

})
```

<alert type="info">

> Although treeshaking is automatically applied during production builds, it is advantageous to import components by specifying their full path in development mode. For instance, using 'vuetify/components/VBtn' instead of 'vuetify/components' ensures that the compiler loads fewer components, thus optimizing performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although treeshaking is automatically applied during production builds, it is advantageous to import components by specifying their full path in development mode. For instance, using `vuetify/components/VBtn` instead of `vuetify/components` ensures that the compiler loads fewer components, thus optimizing performance.
```
